accipiter badius
accipiter cooperii
accipiter gentilis
accipiter nisus
accipiter striatus
accipiter trivirgatus
aegypius monachus
aquila audax
aquila chrysaetos
aquila heliaca
aquila nipalensis
aquila rapax
busarellus nigricollis
buteo albonotatus
buteo brachyurus
buteo buteo
buteo jamaicensis
buteo lagopus
buteo lineatus
buteo plagiatus
buteo platypterus
buteo regalis
buteo rufinus
buteo rufofuscus
buteo swainsoni
buteogallus anthracinus
buteogallus meridionalis
buteogallus urubitinga
chondrohierax uncinatus
circaetus cinereus
circaetus gallicus
circus aeruginosus
circus approximans
circus cyaneus
circus hudsonius
circus macrourus
circus pygargus
clanga clanga
elanoides forficatus
elanus axillaris
elanus caeruleus
elanus leucurus
geranoaetus albicaudatus
geranoaetus melanoleucus
geranoaetus polyosoma
geranospiza caerulescens
gypaetus barbatus
gyps africanus
gyps fulvus
haliaeetus albicilla
haliaeetus leucocephalus
haliaeetus leucogaster
haliaeetus vocifer
haliastur indus
haliastur sphenurus
hieraaetus pennatus
ictinia mississippiensis
ictinia plumbea
lophaetus occipitalis
melierax canorus
milvus migrans
milvus milvus
necrosyrtes monachus
neophron percnopterus
nisaetus cirrhatus
parabuteo unicinctus
pernis apivorus
pernis ptilorhynchus
polemaetus bellicosus
polyboroides typus
rostrhamus sociabilis
rupornis magnirostris
spilornis cheela
terathopius ecaudatus
pandion haliaetus
sagittarius serpentarius
aix galericulata
aix sponsa
alopochen aegyptiaca
amazonetta brasiliensis
anas acuta
anas bahamensis
anas castanea
anas crecca
anas diazi
anas erythrorhyncha
anas flavirostris
anas fulvigula
anas georgica
anas gracilis
anas platyrhynchos
anas poecilorhyncha
anas rubripes
anas superciliosa
anas undulata
anas zonorhyncha
anser albifrons
anser anser
anser brachyrhynchus
anser caerulescens
anser cygnoides
anser fabalis
anser indicus
anser rossii
aythya affinis
aythya americana
aythya australis
aythya collaris
aythya ferina
aythya fuligula
aythya marila
aythya novaeseelandiae
aythya nyroca
aythya valisineria
branta bernicla
branta canadensis
branta hutchinsii
branta leucopsis
branta sandvicensis
bucephala albeola
bucephala clangula
bucephala islandica
cairina moschata
cereopsis novaehollandiae
chenonetta jubata
chloephaga picta
clangula hyemalis
coscoroba coscoroba
cygnus atratus
cygnus buccinator
cygnus columbianus
cygnus cygnus
cygnus melancoryphus
cygnus olor
dendrocygna autumnalis
dendrocygna bicolor
dendrocygna javanica
dendrocygna viduata
histrionicus histrionicus
lophodytes cucullatus
lophonetta specularioides
malacorhynchus membranaceus
mareca americana
mareca penelope
mareca strepera
melanitta americana
melanitta deglandi
melanitta perspicillata
mergellus albellus
mergus merganser
mergus serrator
netta peposaca
netta rufina
oxyura jamaicensis
plectropterus gambensis
sarkidiornis melanotos
somateria mollissima
spatula clypeata
spatula cyanoptera
spatula discors
spatula querquedula
spatula rhynchotis
tadorna ferruginea
tadorna tadorna
tadorna tadornoides
tadorna variegata
chauna torquata
anseranas semipalmata
anthracoceros albirostris
lophoceros alboterminatus
lophoceros nasutus
tockus leucomelas
bucorvus leadbeateri
phoeniculus purpureus
upupa epops
aeronautes saxatalis
apus apus
chaetura pelagica
chaetura vauxi
caprimulgus europaeus
chordeiles acutipennis
chordeiles minor
nyctidromus albicollis
phalaenoptilus nuttallii
nyctibius griseus
nyctibius jamaicensis
podargus strigoides
amazilia beryllina
amazilia cyanocephala
amazilia rutila
amazilia tzacatl
amazilia violiceps
amazilia yucatanensis
anthracothorax nigricollis
anthracothorax prevostii
archilochus alexandri
archilochus colubris
boissonneaua flavescens
calothorax lucifer
calypte anna
calypte costae
campylopterus hemileucurus
chlorostilbon canivetii
chlorostilbon lucidus
colibri coruscans
colibri cyanotus
cynanthus latirostris
eugenes fulgens
eupetomena macroura
florisuga mellivora
heliodoxa jacula
hylocharis leucotis
lampornis clemenciae
ocreatus underwoodii
selasphorus calliope
selasphorus platycercus
selasphorus rufus
selasphorus sasin
thalurania colombica
dromaius novaehollandiae
cathartes aura
cathartes burrovianus
coragyps atratus
gymnogyps californianus
sarcoramphus papa
vultur gryphus
alca torda
brachyramphus marmoratus
cepphus columba
cepphus grylle
cerorhinca monocerata
fratercula arctica
uria aalge
burhinus bistriatus
burhinus capensis
burhinus grallarius
burhinus vermiculatus
charadrius alexandrinus
charadrius bicinctus
charadrius collaris
charadrius dubius
charadrius hiaticula
charadrius leschenaultii
charadrius marginatus
charadrius melodus
charadrius mongolus
charadrius nivosus
charadrius obscurus
charadrius pecuarius
charadrius ruficapillus
charadrius semipalmatus
charadrius tricollaris
charadrius vociferus
charadrius wilsonia
elseyornis melanops
pluvialis apricaria
pluvialis dominica
pluvialis fulva
pluvialis squatarola
vanellus armatus
vanellus chilensis
vanellus coronatus
vanellus indicus
vanellus miles
vanellus senegallus
vanellus spinosus
vanellus vanellus
glareola pratincola
haematopus bachmani
haematopus finschi
haematopus fuliginosus
haematopus longirostris
haematopus moquini
haematopus ostralegus
haematopus palliatus
haematopus unicolor
actophilornis africanus
hydrophasianus chirurgus
irediparra gallinacea
jacana jacana
jacana spinosa
chlidonias hybrida
chlidonias leucopterus
chlidonias niger
chroicocephalus bulleri
chroicocephalus cirrocephalus
chroicocephalus genei
chroicocephalus hartlaubii
chroicocephalus maculipennis
chroicocephalus novaehollandiae
chroicocephalus philadelphia
chroicocephalus ridibundus
chroicocephalus serranus
gelochelidon nilotica
hydrocoloeus minutus
hydroprogne caspia
ichthyaetus ichthyaetus
ichthyaetus melanocephalus
larus argentatus
larus cachinnans
larus californicus
larus canus
larus crassirostris
larus delawarensis
larus dominicanus
larus fuscus
larus glaucescens
larus glaucoides
larus heermanni
larus hyperboreus
larus livens
larus marinus
larus michahellis
larus occidentalis
larus pacificus
leucophaeus atricilla
leucophaeus pipixcan
phaetusa simplex
rissa tridactyla
rynchops niger
sterna forsteri
sterna hirundo
sterna paradisaea
sterna striata
sternula albifrons
sternula antillarum
thalasseus bergii
thalasseus elegans
thalasseus maximus
thalasseus sandvicensis
himantopus himantopus
himantopus leucocephalus
himantopus mexicanus
recurvirostra americana
recurvirostra avosetta
rostratula benghalensis
actitis hypoleucos
actitis macularius
arenaria interpres
arenaria melanocephala
bartramia longicauda
calidris acuminata
calidris alba
calidris alpina
calidris bairdii
calidris canutus
calidris ferruginea
calidris fuscicollis
calidris himantopus
calidris maritima
calidris mauri
calidris melanotos
calidris minuta
calidris minutilla
calidris pugnax
calidris pusilla
calidris ruficollis
calidris subruficollis
calidris temminckii
calidris virgata
gallinago delicata
gallinago gallinago
limnodromus griseus
limnodromus scolopaceus
limosa fedoa
limosa haemastica
limosa lapponica
limosa limosa
numenius americanus
numenius arquata
numenius madagascariensis
numenius phaeopus
phalaropus fulicarius
phalaropus lobatus
phalaropus tricolor
scolopax minor
tringa brevipes
tringa erythropus
tringa flavipes
tringa glareola
tringa incana
tringa melanoleuca
tringa nebularia
tringa ochropus
tringa semipalmata
tringa solitaria
tringa stagnatilis
tringa totanus
xenus cinereus
stercorarius parasiticus
anastomus oscitans
ciconia ciconia
ciconia episcopus
ciconia maguari
ciconia nigra
jabiru mycteria
leptoptilos crumenifer
mycteria americana
mycteria ibis
mycteria leucocephala
colius striatus
chalcophaps indica
columba guinea
columba livia
columba oenas
columba palumbus
columbina inca
columbina passerina
columbina picui
columbina talpacoti
geopelia humeralis
geopelia placida
geopelia striata
hemiphaga novaeseelandiae
leptotila verreauxi
ocyphaps lophotes
patagioenas cayennensis
patagioenas fasciata
patagioenas flavirostris
patagioenas leucocephala
patagioenas maculosa
patagioenas picazuro
phaps chalcoptera
streptopelia capicola
streptopelia chinensis
streptopelia decaocto
streptopelia orientalis
streptopelia semitorquata
streptopelia senegalensis
streptopelia tranquebarica
streptopelia turtur
treron calvus
treron vernans
zenaida asiatica
zenaida auriculata
zenaida aurita
zenaida macroura
alcedo atthis
ceryle rudis
chloroceryle amazona
chloroceryle americana
corythornis cristatus
dacelo novaeguineae
halcyon albiventris
halcyon senegalensis
halcyon smyrnensis
megaceryle alcyon
megaceryle maxima
megaceryle torquata
pelargopsis capensis
todiramphus chloris
todiramphus macleayii
todiramphus sanctus
coracias benghalensis
coracias caudatus
coracias garrulus
eurystomus orientalis
merops apiaster
merops bullockoides
merops orientalis
merops ornatus
merops persicus
merops philippinus
merops pusillus
eumomota superciliosa
momotus aequatorialis
momotus lessonii
momotus mexicanus
cacomantis flabelliformis
centropus sinensis
centropus superciliosus
coccyzus americanus
coccyzus erythropthalmus
crotophaga ani
crotophaga major
crotophaga sulcirostris
cuculus canorus
eudynamys scolopaceus
geococcyx californianus
guira guira
piaya cayana
caracara cheriway
caracara plancus
falco berigora
falco cenchroides
falco columbarius
falco femoralis
falco mexicanus
falco naumanni
falco novaeseelandiae
falco peregrinus
falco rufigularis
falco rupicolus
falco sparverius
falco subbuteo
falco tinnunculus
falco vespertinus
herpetotheres cachinnans
milvago chimachima
milvago chimango
galbula ruficauda
crax rubra
ortalis cinereiceps
ortalis poliocephala
ortalis vetula
ortalis wagleri
penelope obscura
penelope purpurascens
alectura lathami
numida meleagris
callipepla californica
callipepla gambelii
callipepla squamata
colinus virginianus
alectoris chukar
alectoris rufa
bonasa umbellus
dendragapus fuliginosus
dendragapus obscurus
falcipennis canadensis
francolinus pondicerianus
gallus gallus
lagopus lagopus
meleagris gallopavo
pavo cristatus
perdix perdix
phasianus colchicus
pternistis capensis
tetrao tetrix
tetrastes bonasia
gavia arctica
gavia immer
gavia pacifica
gavia stellata
aramus guarauna
anthropoides paradiseus
anthropoides virgo
antigone canadensis
antigone rubicunda
grus americana
grus grus
amaurornis phoenicurus
aramides albiventris
aramides cajaneus
fulica americana
fulica ardesiaca
fulica armillata
fulica atra
fulica cristata
gallinula chloropus
gallinula galeata
gallinula tenebrosa
gallirallus australis
gallirallus philippensis
porphyrio martinica
porphyrio melanotus
porphyrio poliocephalus
porzana carolina
rallus aquaticus
rallus crepitans
rallus limicola
rallus obsoletus
zapornia flavirostra
corythaixoides concolor
opisthocomus hoazin
ardeotis kori
acanthisitta chloris
acanthiza chrysorrhoa
acanthiza pusilla
gerygone igata
sericornis frontalis
acrocephalus arundinaceus
acrocephalus australis
acrocephalus dumetorum
acrocephalus schoenobaenus
acrocephalus scirpaceus
iduna caligata
aegithalos caudatus
psaltriparus minimus
aegithina tiphia
alauda arvensis
eremophila alpestris
galerida cristata
lullula arborea
artamus cyanopterus
artamus leucorynchus
cracticus nigrogularis
cracticus torquatus
gymnorhina tibicen
strepera graculina
bombycilla cedrorum
bombycilla garrulus
buphagus erythrorynchus
calcarius lapponicus
plectrophenax nivalis
philesturnus rufusater
coracina novaehollandiae
pericrocotus speciosus
cardinalis cardinalis
cardinalis sinuatus
cyanocompsa parellina
habia fuscicauda
passerina amoena
passerina caerulea
passerina ciris
passerina cyanea
passerina leclancherii
passerina versicolor
pheucticus chrysopeplus
pheucticus ludovicianus
pheucticus melanocephalus
piranga bidentata
piranga flava
piranga ludoviciana
piranga olivacea
piranga rubra
spiza americana
certhia americana
certhia brachydactyla
certhia familiaris
cinclus cinclus
cinclus mexicanus
cisticola exilis
cisticola juncidis
orthotomus sutorius
prinia inornata
prinia maculosa
prinia subflava
cormobates leucophaea
corcorax melanorhamphos
aphelocoma californica
aphelocoma coerulescens
aphelocoma wollweberi
aphelocoma woodhouseii
calocitta colliei
calocitta formosa
corvus albicollis
corvus albus
corvus brachyrhynchos
corvus caurinus
corvus corax
corvus cornix
corvus corone
corvus coronoides
corvus frugilegus
corvus macrorhynchos
corvus mellori
corvus monedula
corvus ossifragus
corvus splendens
cyanocitta cristata
cyanocitta stelleri
cyanocorax chrysops
cyanocorax yncas
cyanocorax yucatanicus
cyanopica cyanus
dendrocitta formosae
dendrocitta vagabunda
garrulus glandarius
nucifraga caryocatactes
nucifraga columbiana
perisoreus canadensis
pica hudsonia
pica nuttalli
pica pica
pica serica
psilorhinus morio
pyrrhocorax graculus
pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax
urocissa erythroryncha
dicaeum hirundinaceum
dicrurus adsimilis
dicrurus bracteatus
dicrurus leucophaeus
dicrurus macrocercus
dicrurus paradiseus
emberiza calandra
emberiza cia
emberiza cirlus
emberiza citrinella
emberiza elegans
emberiza hortulana
emberiza rustica
emberiza schoeniclus
emberiza spodocephala
estrilda astrild
euodice malabarica
lagonosticta senegala
lonchura atricapilla
lonchura punctulata
lonchura striata
neochmia temporalis
spermestes cucullata
taeniopygia bichenovii
uraeginthus angolensis
acanthis cabaret
acanthis flammea
acanthis hornemanni
carduelis carduelis
carpodacus erythrinus
carpodacus sibiricus
chloris chloris
chloris sinica
coccothraustes coccothraustes
coccothraustes vespertinus
crithagra mozambica
euphonia affinis
euphonia elegantissima
euphonia hirundinacea
euphonia laniirostris
fringilla coelebs
fringilla montifringilla
haemorhous cassinii
haemorhous mexicanus
haemorhous purpureus
leucosticte tephrocotis
linaria cannabina
loxia curvirostra
loxia leucoptera
pinicola enucleator
pyrrhula pyrrhula
serinus serinus
spinus lawrencei
spinus magellanicus
spinus pinus
spinus psaltria
spinus spinus
spinus tristis
certhiaxis cinnamomeus
furnarius leucopus
furnarius rufus
lepidocolaptes angustirostris
xiphorhynchus flavigaster
cecropis abyssinica
cecropis daurica
delichon urbicum
hirundo albigularis
hirundo neoxena
hirundo rustica
hirundo smithii
hirundo tahitica
petrochelidon fulva
petrochelidon pyrrhonota
progne chalybea
progne subis
progne tapera
ptyonoprogne rupestris
pygochelidon cyanoleuca
riparia riparia
stelgidopteryx ruficollis
stelgidopteryx serripennis
tachycineta albilinea
tachycineta albiventer
tachycineta bicolor
tachycineta thalassina
agelaioides badius
agelaius phoeniceus
agelaius tricolor
cacicus cela
cassiculus melanicterus
chrysomus icterocephalus
dives dives
dolichonyx oryzivorus
euphagus carolinus
euphagus cyanocephalus
icterus abeillei
icterus bullockii
icterus chrysater
icterus cucullatus
icterus galbula
icterus graduacauda
icterus gularis
icterus nigrogularis
icterus parisorum
icterus pectoralis
icterus prosthemelas
icterus pustulatus
icterus pyrrhopterus
icterus spurius
icterus wagleri
leistes loyca
molothrus aeneus
molothrus ater
molothrus bonariensis
psarocolius decumanus
psarocolius montezuma
quiscalus lugubris
quiscalus major
quiscalus mexicanus
quiscalus niger
quiscalus quiscula
sturnella magna
sturnella neglecta
xanthocephalus xanthocephalus
icteria virens
lanius borealis
lanius collaris
lanius collurio
lanius cristatus
lanius excubitor
lanius ludovicianus
lanius minor
lanius schach
lanius senator
garrulax perspicillatus
turdoides striata
dryoscopus cubla
laniarius ferrugineus
telophorus zeylonus
malurus cyaneus
malurus melanocephalus
malurus splendens
acanthorhynchus tenuirostris
anthochaera carunculata
anthochaera chrysoptera
anthornis melanura
caligavis chrysops
entomyzon cyanotis
gavicalis virescens
lichmera indistincta
manorina melanocephala
meliphaga lewinii
myzomela sanguinolenta
philemon corniculatus
phylidonyris niger
phylidonyris novaehollandiae
prosthemadera novaeseelandiae
ptilotula penicillata
menura novaehollandiae
dumetella carolinensis
melanotis caerulescens
mimus gilvus
mimus longicaudatus
mimus polyglottos
mimus saturninus
oreoscoptes montanus
toxostoma curvirostre
toxostoma longirostre
toxostoma redivivum
toxostoma rufum
grallina cyanoleuca
hypothymis azurea
terpsiphone paradisi
terpsiphone viridis
anthus campestris
anthus cervinus
anthus cinnamomeus
anthus hodgsoni
anthus novaeseelandiae
anthus petrosus
anthus pratensis
anthus rubescens
anthus rufulus
anthus spinoletta
anthus trivialis
macronyx croceus
motacilla aguimp
motacilla alba
motacilla capensis
motacilla cinerea
motacilla citreola
motacilla flava
motacilla tschutschensis
copsychus fulicatus
copsychus malabaricus
copsychus saularis
cossypha caffra
erithacus rubecula
eumyias thalassinus
ficedula hypoleuca
luscinia luscinia
luscinia megarhynchos
luscinia svecica
melaenornis silens
monticola solitarius
muscicapa adusta
muscicapa dauurica
muscicapa striata
myophonus caeruleus
oenanthe familiaris
oenanthe oenanthe
phoenicurus auroreus
phoenicurus fuliginosus
phoenicurus ochruros
phoenicurus phoenicurus
saxicola caprata
saxicola maurus
saxicola rubetra
saxicola rubicola
saxicola torquatus
tarsiger cyanurus
aethopyga siparaja
anthobaphes violacea
anthreptes malacensis
chalcomitra amethystina
chalcomitra senegalensis
cinnyris afer
cinnyris asiaticus
cinnyris chalybeus
cinnyris jugularis
hedydipna collaris
leptocoma zeylonica
nectarinia famosa
oriolus chinensis
oriolus larvatus
oriolus oriolus
oriolus sagittatus
oriolus xanthornus
sphecotheres vieilloti
colluricincla harmonica
pachycephala pectoralis
pachycephala rufiventris
panurus biarmicus
pardalotus punctatus
pardalotus striatus
baeolophus atricristatus
baeolophus bicolor
baeolophus inornatus
baeolophus ridgwayi
baeolophus wollweberi
cyanistes caeruleus
cyanistes cyanus
lophophanes cristatus
parus major
parus minor
periparus ater
poecile atricapillus
poecile carolinensis
poecile gambeli
poecile hudsonicus
poecile montanus
poecile palustris
poecile rufescens
basileuterus culicivorus
basileuterus rufifrons
cardellina canadensis
cardellina pusilla
geothlypis formosa
geothlypis philadelphia
geothlypis tolmiei
geothlypis trichas
helmitheros vermivorum
leiothlypis celata
leiothlypis luciae
leiothlypis peregrina
leiothlypis ruficapilla
mniotilta varia
myioborus miniatus
myioborus pictus
oreothlypis superciliosa
parkesia motacilla
parkesia noveboracensis
protonotaria citrea
seiurus aurocapilla
setophaga americana
setophaga caerulescens
setophaga castanea
setophaga cerulea
setophaga chrysoparia
setophaga citrina
setophaga coronata
setophaga discolor
setophaga dominica
setophaga fusca
setophaga graciae
setophaga magnolia
setophaga nigrescens
setophaga occidentalis
setophaga palmarum
setophaga pensylvanica
setophaga petechia
setophaga pinus
setophaga pitiayumi
setophaga ruticilla
setophaga striata
setophaga tigrina
setophaga townsendi
setophaga virens
vermivora chrysoptera
vermivora cyanoptera
aimophila ruficeps
ammodramus savannarum
ammospiza leconteii
ammospiza nelsoni
amphispiza bilineata
arremonops rufivirgatus
artemisiospiza belli
artemisiospiza nevadensis
calamospiza melanocorys
centronyx henslowii
chlorospingus flavopectus
chondestes grammacus
junco hyemalis
junco phaeonotus
melospiza georgiana
melospiza lincolnii
melospiza melodia
melozone aberti
melozone crissalis
melozone fusca
oriturus superciliosus
passerculus sandwichensis
passerella iliaca
peucaea carpalis
peucaea cassinii
peucaea ruficauda
pipilo chlorurus
pipilo erythrophthalmus
pipilo maculatus
pooecetes gramineus
spizella atrogularis
spizella breweri
spizella pallida
spizella passerina
spizella pusilla
spizelloides arborea
zonotrichia albicollis
zonotrichia atricapilla
zonotrichia capensis
zonotrichia leucophrys
zonotrichia querula
passer diffusus
passer domesticus
passer hispaniolensis
passer italiae
passer melanurus
passer montanus
eopsaltria australis
petroica australis
petroica boodang
petroica longipes
petroica macrocephala
peucedramus taeniatus
phylloscopus collybita
phylloscopus sibilatrix
phylloscopus trochilus
amblyospiza albifrons
euplectes orix
plocepasser mahali
ploceus capensis
ploceus cucullatus
ploceus ocularis
ploceus philippinus
ploceus velatus
quelea quelea
polioptila caerulea
polioptila californica
polioptila dumicola
polioptila melanura
promerops cafer
prunella collaris
prunella modularis
phainopepla nitens
ptiliogonys cinereus
ptilonorhynchus violaceus
andropadus importunus
hypsipetes amaurotis
hypsipetes leucocephalus
pycnonotus aurigaster
pycnonotus barbatus
pycnonotus cafer
pycnonotus capensis
pycnonotus goiavier
pycnonotus jocosus
pycnonotus leucotis
pycnonotus sinensis
regulus calendula
regulus ignicapilla
regulus regulus
regulus satrapa
auriparus flaviceps
remiz pendulinus
rhipidura albiscapa
rhipidura fuliginosa
rhipidura leucophrys
sitta canadensis
sitta carolinensis
sitta europaea
sitta pusilla
sitta pygmaea
acridotheres cristatellus
acridotheres javanicus
acridotheres tristis
aplonis panayensis
cinnyricinclus leucogaster
gracupica contra
gracupica nigricollis
lamprotornis nitens
onychognathus morio
spodiopsar cineraceus
sturnus unicolor
sturnus vulgaris
chamaea fasciata
sylvia atricapilla
sylvia borin
sylvia communis
sylvia curruca
sylvia melanocephala
thamnophilus doliatus
chlorophanes spiza
coereba flaveola
cyanerpes cyaneus
dacnis cayana
diglossa baritula
embernagra platensis
eucometis penicillata
loxigilla noctis
melanospiza bicolor
paroaria capitata
paroaria coronata
pipraeidea bonariensis
ramphocelus carbo
ramphocelus dimidiatus
ramphocelus flammigerus
ramphocelus passerinii
saltator atriceps
saltator aurantiirostris
saltator coerulescens
saltator maximus
sicalis flaveola
sicalis luteola
sporophila caerulescens
sporophila corvina
sporophila morelleti
sporophila nigricollis
sporophila torqueola
stilpnia cyanicollis
stilpnia larvata
stilpnia vitriolina
tachyphonus rufus
tangara arthus
tangara gyrola
tersina viridis
thraupis abbas
thraupis episcopus
thraupis palmarum
thraupis sayaca
tiaris olivaceus
volatinia jacarina
pachyramphus aglaiae
tityra semifasciata
campylorhynchus brunneicapillus
campylorhynchus gularis
campylorhynchus rufinucha
campylorhynchus zonatus
catherpes mexicanus
cistothorus palustris
cistothorus platensis
salpinctes obsoletus
thryomanes bewickii
thryothorus ludovicianus
troglodytes aedon
troglodytes hiemalis
troglodytes pacificus
troglodytes troglodytes
catharus fuscescens
catharus guttatus
catharus minimus
catharus ustulatus
hylocichla mustelina
ixoreus naevius
myadestes townsendi
sialia currucoides
sialia mexicana
sialia sialis
turdus amaurochalinus
turdus chiguanco
turdus falcklandii
turdus fuscater
turdus grayi
turdus ignobilis
turdus iliacus
turdus leucomelas
turdus merula
turdus migratorius
turdus olivaceus
turdus philomelos
turdus pilaris
turdus rufiventris
turdus rufopalliatus
turdus viscivorus
camptostoma imberbe
contopus cooperi
contopus pertinax
contopus sordidulus
contopus virens
elaenia flavogaster
empidonax alnorum
empidonax difficilis
empidonax flaviventris
empidonax fulvifrons
empidonax hammondii
empidonax minimus
empidonax occidentalis
empidonax traillii
empidonax virescens
empidonax wrightii
fluvicola nengeta
hymenops perspicillatus
machetornis rixosa
megarynchus pitangua
mitrephanes phaeocercus
myiarchus cinerascens
myiarchus crinitus
myiarchus tuberculifer
myiarchus tyrannulus
myiodynastes luteiventris
myiodynastes maculatus
myiozetetes cayanensis
myiozetetes similis
pitangus sulphuratus
pyrocephalus rubinus
sayornis nigricans
sayornis phoebe
sayornis saya
todirostrum cinereum
tolmomyias sulphurescens
tyrannus couchii
tyrannus crassirostris
tyrannus dominicensis
tyrannus forficatus
tyrannus melancholicus
tyrannus savana
tyrannus tyrannus
tyrannus verticalis
tyrannus vociferans
vidua macroura
cyclarhis gujanensis
vireo bellii
vireo cassinii
vireo flavifrons
vireo flavoviridis
vireo gilvus
vireo griseus
vireo huttoni
vireo olivaceus
vireo philadelphicus
vireo plumbeus
vireo solitarius
zosterops japonicus
zosterops lateralis
zosterops palpebrosus
zosterops simplex
zosterops virens
ardea alba
ardea cinerea
ardea cocoi
ardea goliath
ardea herodias
ardea intermedia
ardea melanocephala
ardea pacifica
ardea purpurea
ardeola bacchus
ardeola grayii
ardeola ralloides
botaurus lentiginosus
botaurus stellaris
bubulcus ibis
butorides striata
butorides virescens
cochlearius cochlearius
egretta caerulea
egretta garzetta
egretta novaehollandiae
egretta rufescens
egretta sacra
egretta thula
egretta tricolor
gorsachius melanolophus
ixobrychus exilis
ixobrychus minutus
ixobrychus sinensis
nyctanassa violacea
nycticorax caledonicus
nycticorax nycticorax
syrigma sibilatrix
tigrisoma lineatum
tigrisoma mexicanum
pelecanus conspicillatus
pelecanus crispus
pelecanus erythrorhynchos
pelecanus occidentalis
pelecanus onocrotalus
pelecanus philippensis
pelecanus thagus
scopus umbretta
bostrychia hagedash
eudocimus albus
mesembrinibis cayennensis
phimosus infuscatus
platalea ajaja
platalea alba
platalea flavipes
platalea leucorodia
platalea minor
platalea regia
plegadis chihi
plegadis falcinellus
theristicus caudatus
theristicus melanopis
threskiornis aethiopicus
threskiornis melanocephalus
threskiornis molucca
threskiornis spinicollis
phoeniconaias minor
phoenicopterus chilensis
phoenicopterus roseus
phoenicopterus ruber
lybius torquatus
trachyphonus vaillantii
psilopogon haemacephalus
psilopogon nuchalis
campephilus guatemalensis
campephilus melanoleucos
chloropicus fuscescens
colaptes auratus
colaptes campestris
colaptes chrysoides
colaptes melanochloros
colaptes punctigula
colaptes rubiginosus
dendrocopos leucotos
dendrocopos major
dendrocopos syriacus
dendrocoptes medius
dinopium benghalense
dryobates albolarvatus
dryobates borealis
dryobates minor
dryobates nuttallii
dryobates pubescens
dryobates scalaris
dryobates villosus
dryocopus lineatus
dryocopus martius
dryocopus pileatus
jynx torquilla
melanerpes aurifrons
melanerpes carolinus
melanerpes chrysogenys
melanerpes erythrocephalus
melanerpes formicivorus
melanerpes hoffmannii
melanerpes lewis
melanerpes pucherani
melanerpes rubricapillus
melanerpes uropygialis
picoides arcticus
picoides dorsalis
picus canus
picus viridis
sphyrapicus nuchalis
sphyrapicus ruber
sphyrapicus thyroideus
sphyrapicus varius
aulacorhynchus prasinus
pteroglossus castanotis
pteroglossus torquatus
ramphastos ambiguus
ramphastos sulfuratus
ramphastos toco
aechmophorus clarkii
aechmophorus occidentalis
podiceps auritus
podiceps cristatus
podiceps grisegena
podiceps major
podiceps nigricollis
podilymbus podiceps
poliocephalus poliocephalus
rollandia rolland
tachybaptus dominicus
tachybaptus novaehollandiae
tachybaptus ruficollis
phoebastria immutabilis
phoebastria nigripes
thalassarche melanophris
ardenna creatopus
ardenna grisea
ardenna pacifica
calonectris diomedea
fulmarus glacialis
macronectes giganteus
cacatua galerita
cacatua sanguinea
cacatua tenuirostris
callocephalon fimbriatum
calyptorhynchus banksii
calyptorhynchus funereus
eolophus roseicapilla
amazona albifrons
amazona autumnalis
amazona finschi
amazona viridigenalis
ara ararauna
ara macao
aratinga nenday
brotogeris chiriri
brotogeris jugularis
eupsittula canicularis
eupsittula nana
eupsittula pertinax
forpus conspicillatus
myiopsitta monachus
pionus menstruus
psittacara erythrogenys
psittacara holochlorus
psittacara leucophthalmus
psittacara mitratus
agapornis roseicollis
alisterus scapularis
barnardius zonarius
cyanoramphus novaezelandiae
glossopsitta concinna
melopsittacus undulatus
platycercus adscitus
platycercus elegans
platycercus eximius
psephotus haematonotus
psittacula krameri
trichoglossus chlorolepidotus
trichoglossus moluccanus
nestor meridionalis
nestor notabilis
eudyptula minor
pygoscelis papua
spheniscus demersus
spheniscus magellanicus
aegolius acadicus
asio flammeus
asio otus
athene brama
athene cunicularia
athene noctua
bubo africanus
bubo bubo
bubo scandiacus
bubo virginianus
ciccaba virgata
glaucidium brasilianum
glaucidium gnoma
megascops asio
megascops choliba
megascops kennicottii
ninox novaeseelandiae
strix aluco
strix nebulosa
strix uralensis
strix varia
surnia ulula
tyto alba
struthio camelus
anhinga anhinga
anhinga melanogaster
anhinga novaehollandiae
anhinga rufa
fregata magnificens
microcarbo africanus
microcarbo melanoleucos
microcarbo niger
microcarbo pygmaeus
phalacrocorax aristotelis
phalacrocorax auritus
phalacrocorax brasilianus
phalacrocorax capensis
phalacrocorax carbo
phalacrocorax pelagicus
phalacrocorax penicillatus
phalacrocorax punctatus
phalacrocorax sulcirostris
phalacrocorax varius
morus bassanus
morus serrator
sula dactylatra
sula leucogaster
sula nebouxii
sula sula
pharomachrus mocinno
trogon caligatus
trogon citreolus
trogon collaris
trogon elegans
trogon massena
trogon melanocephalus
trogon rufus
